at the beginning of summer when you got
your acceptance later you're probably
like but now when college is actually
starting you're like oh my god what do I
do
as a senior I'm gonna tell you
transitioning from high school to
college it's probably one of the hardest
thing you'll have to do upon to this
point of your life so today I'm gonna
tell you what first week of college is
actually like so we're going
chronological order frosh week it's
probably gonna be the first thing you'll
experience this is actually a great
chance to meet some people before actual
school starts I don't know if all
universities have it but my university
had it and it was pretty lit the
important thing to know here is don't be
that guy that guy who goes a little too
hard at everything or is a little bit
too competitive at all the events frosh
week is your chance to set a brand new
first impression so people like you so
you can make friends so you won't be
lonely
[Music]
okay next school is now starting you're
moving in moving dates are on the school
website make sure you don't miss it
everybody's gonna be moving in at the
same time it's gonna be super crowded
elevator weights gonna be like five
minutes so mentally prepare anyway my
advice here is to go in a little bit
earlier be the first one into your dorm
room and then clean your space so
there's probably gonna be like a common
living area put your stuff where you
want it to be so now people know that's
your shelf but you know don't claim all
the space leave some room for other
people too
[Music]
alright social life this is probably the
thing you're most looking forward to
maybe you didn't like your high school
friends maybe you didn't have high
school friends but now is a chance to
reinvent yourself make friends find
people that you really really enjoy
hanging out with or so you think
but then you're like how do I actually
do that I think the number one thing to
do is just just say hi to everyone
name first week everyone's gonna be a
little bit fake everyone's gonna be a
little bit too happy too excited so it
doesn't matter if you're a little bit
too excited anyway so whenever you sit
down in a new class say hi to your
neighbors to the right and to the left
everyone else has no friends either ok
you need to take advantage of the first
week because at the end of the semester
people are gonna already be in their
friend groups and the other really
crucial tip say yes to a lot of things
hello yes this is your chance to find
out which people you actually enjoy
hanging out with and then later you can
just stop hanging out with the ones you
don't really like you go to college to
actually learn right so this one is a
little bit important but I'm gonna tell
you first week of classes it's gonna be
super super easy teachers are usually
gonna just go over the syllabus which is
an overview of what's gonna be in the
course throughout the semester my tip
for you there is to gather all the
syllabuses that you have or syllabi I
don't know which one is a comment down
below anyway so gather all the syllabus
is you have and then note the very
important due dates for example projects
the midterm dates and the final exam
dates in your calendar this is your time
to plan ahead to make sure that you
don't fail your classes
[Music]
in college it's different because you
get to pick your classes but how do you
know which ones to pick and how do you
know which teachers are good well
there's like Ranger prop but like that's
not really that accurate so the best
thing to do is to actually drop in on
the classes I will suggest you to sign
up for more classes than you need and
then drop the ones you don't like
just like the way you would drop your
friends it sounds large but you know
it's the best way to do it process or
even elimination this is gonna ensure
you are happy you need to be happy
[Music]
alright parties this is a juicy stuff
you might have all these like grandiose
expectations of college parties and I'm
gonna tell you they're actually somewhat
true okay it's gonna be a lot better
than your high school parties but I
wasn't invited to any of them so I
wouldn't know but anyway a college party
is there of a lot of fun there's a
couple type of parties let me break it
down for you there are the dorm parties
were there just like twenty thirty
people they gather in a dorm drink a
little bit talk a little bit it's chill
it's some nice chill vibe personally I
love these type of parties because I
would actually make friends at these
parties and - there are the frat parties
these are the parties that you have the
imagery in your head of okay these are
the crazy ones you see on TV
these frat parties are usually in the
frat houses and it's kind of like a mini
club there's gonna be a DJ there's gonna
be very dark lights and it's gonna be a
lot of people dancing grinding touching
some of them we can get a little bit
greasy some of my girlfriends have told
me stories but if you want to go have
fun
be my guest it's gonna be fun go with
some friends just to make sure that
you're safe honestly I would say
experience everything at least once
right don't knock it until you hate it
and then lastly there's going to be the
school organize parties these are
usually gonna be like big events but
they're not gonna be as r-rated as the
other
certain more pain but it's still kind of
cool if you have time go to these okay
roommates this is a big struggle you
probably hadn't had to deal with before
they could be nice they could become
your best friends or they could become
the person you hate the most and trip to
see every time you go home your first
week will set the tone for that
relationship my advice is for you and
all your roommates to gather together in
the first week and set the expectations
straight because a lot of times the
problem what your roommates is about
communication so like you expect them to
do something but you never said it
you're upset they don't know you're
upset I think the best thing to do which
is what I did is in the first week we
set garbage schedules who's going to
take out the trash
every single week we rotated and then
cleaning schedules expectations for
doing dishes cleanliness shower when you
set the expectation straight you know
you can keep people more accountable
[Music]
okay so I know a lot of you are actually
still in high school or applying to
colleges soon and one of my top tips for
getting to a good college is to get some
external feedback on your college
application so today I'm actually very
excited to announce that we are going to
be sponsored by a company called
bullseye their new app that helps you
get into the top universities with
College advising and the best part is
that all their advisors are not like 50
year-old counselors there are all recent
graduates from universities like MIT
Harvard Stanford UCLA so you're getting
real practical advice from people who've
actually applied and got accepted and
today we're getting a special offer so
if you click the link in the description
join bullseye comm slash free session
you literally get a 20-minute free
one-on-one call with one of these
advisors you can ask them any question
that you wanna get some feedback or
prepare for the future
this is actually a great opportunity to
get feedback from someone who has done
it before so
click the link in the description and
don't miss out in this opportunity
[Music]
another cool thing about university is
actually the clubs and the
extracurricular events there's probably
like 200 clubs at your University way
more than high school so at the
beginning of semester usually University
hosts like a giant Club day they display
the club information and they give you
free slag this is the best time of the
year it's like Christmas all over again
so if there's one thing you take away
from this video is to join the clubs you
like and then say you with me drop the
ones you don't it's a good strategy it's
a really really good strategy that can
apply to a lot of things in your life
[Music]
alright lastly this is my last party
advice I just want to talk face-to-face
with you you know set your mind straight
college is gonna be a brand new
experience it's gonna be the time of
your life but don't expect college to
make it the time of your life you are
gonna have to proactively make college
the time of your life that means try new
things get out of your comfort zone it
sounds cliche but you know when you
don't feel comfortable that's when the
real growth happens and then meet new
people work on projects together because
in college people are actually looking
to make friends whereas in work people
are just trying to get out of there so
take advantage of these next 4 to 5
years
you're really never gonna have the same
experience again I am very excited for
you this is gonna be a completely new
chapter and I just gave you the pen now
you get to write your story however
you want isn't that exciting doesn't
that sound amazing
if you want to learn more and see more
of college life or get more study tips
click the subscribe button because I'm
gonna be helping you along this new
journey
my name is abu guo and i'll see you in
the next video
[Applause]
[Music]
you